[README] Mention ongoing migrations (#6685)
actions/runner-images: README.md

[macOS-10.15]: https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/macos/macos-10.15-Readme.md
[self-hosted runners]: https://help.github.com/en/actions/hosting-your-own-runners

## Ongoing migrations

There are currently two migrations in progress:

> * `ubuntu-latest` is being transited to `ubuntu-22.04`, details can be found in the [announcement](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/issues/6399)
> * `macos-latest` is being transited to `macos-12`, details can be found in the [announcement](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/issues/6384)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ubuntu-latest` is currently transitioning to `ubuntu-22.04`. During this time, you may experience some jobs running on either an ubuntu-20.04 or ubuntu-22.04 runner. You can specify `runs-on: ubuntu-20.04` in your workflow if you need the previous version. Details can be found in this [announcement](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/issues/6399).
* `macos-latest` is currently transitioning to `macos-12`.  During this time, you may experience some jobs running on either a macos-11 or macos-12 runner. You can specify `runs-on: macos-11` in your workflow if you need the previous version. Details can be found in this [announcement](https://github.com/actions/runner-images/issues/6384).

```
